Now that you've learned how actor-critic methods work, in this lesson,
we'll take a look at a particular problem in finance,
and formulate it so that it can be solved through reinforcement learning.
In particular, we'll be using
the deep deterministic policy gradients algorithm to
determine the optimal execution of portfolio transactions.
If you're unfamiliar with the financial markets,
don't worry, we'll explain everything step-by-step.
But before we dive in,
let's start by getting some intuition as to why
reinforcement learning is a good alternative to current trading algorithms,
and why it's better than other machine learning techniques such as supervised learning.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6